[RHACS] Added link to ACS support policy page (#60483)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-acs-operator.adoc

.Prerequisites
* You have access to an {ocp} cluster using an account with Operator installation permissions.

> * You must be using {ocp} 4.10 or later. For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/node/5822721[{product-title} Support Policy].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must be using {ocp} {rhacs-operator-min-ocp-version} or later. For more details, see link:https://access.redhat.com/node/5822721[{product-title} Support Policy].
```
